README.md, before:

# Final-Project---Research-Methods
General information:
This project aims to analyse the frequency with which English words are used in Dutch tweets in the last decade.

Background:
English has increasingly become a dominant part of the Dutch language, particularly in the younger generations. This can be attributed to several factors, such as the growing importance of English as a global lingua franca, the increasing use of English in media and popular culture, and the influence of globalization and internationalization on Dutch society. Additionally, the Netherlands has a large expat community and attracts many international students, leading to a greater need for English proficiency in everyday life. As a result, English loanwords and phrases are becoming more common in Dutch conversations, and many Dutch people are switching to English in professional settings, further solidifying the language's prominence.
On the same note, study by Hubert Korzilius and colleagues has already shown somewhat Anglicization of Dutch job advertisements published in de Volkskrant. Other studies such as Lisette van der Heijden and Marinel Gerritsen and colleagues have shown how much English is used in Dutch advertisements.

Research Question:
How has the frequency of usage of English words in Dutch tweets changed over time?
Hypothesis:
There is an increase in the frequency of usage of English words in Dutch tweets.
Method:
For this project, a quantitative analysis of the Twitter dataset will be conducted. Dataset will be randomly sampled and this will be analysed to measure the changes in frequency of usage of English words in Dutch tweets. This will need identifying English words which will be done by using SpaCy. Eventual trends and patterns can be shown in graphs.

References:
Gerritsen, M., Korzilius, H., Van Meurs, F., & Gijsbers, I. (2000). English in Dutch commercials: Not understood and not appreciated. Journal of advertising research, 40(4), 17-31.
Heijden, L. (2016). Appreciation and Comprehension of English in Dutch Advertising (Bachelor's thesis)
Korzilius, H. P. L. M., Meurs, F. V., & Hermans, J. J. (2006). The use of English in job advertisements in a Dutch national newspaper-On what factors does it depend?.

Commit message:

Corrected References and added time periods for to be analysed data

README.md, after:

# Final-Project---Research-Methods
General information:
This project aims to analyse the frequency with which English words are used in Dutch tweets starting from 2010 to 2020.

Background:
English has increasingly become a dominant part of the Dutch language, particularly in the younger generations. This can be attributed to several factors, such as the growing importance of English as a global lingua franca, the increasing use of English in media and popular culture, and the influence of globalization and internationalization on Dutch society. Additionally, the Netherlands has a large expat community and attracts many international students, leading to a greater need for English proficiency in everyday life. As a result, English loanwords and phrases are becoming more common in Dutch conversations, and many Dutch people are switching to English in professional settings, further solidifying the language's prominence.
On the same note, study by Korzilius and colleagues (2000)  has already shown somewhat Anglicization of Dutch job advertisements published in de Volkskrant. Other studies such as Heijden (2016) and Gerritsen and colleagues (2006) have shown how much English is used in Dutch advertisements.

Research Question:
How has the frequency of usage of English words in Dutch tweets changed over time?
Hypothesis:
There is an increase in the frequency of usage of English words in Dutch tweets.
Method:
For this project, starting from 2010 to 2020, a quantitative analysis of the Twitter dataset will be conducted. Dataset will be randomly sampled and this will be analysed to measure the changes in the frequency of usage of English words per Dutch tweet over time. This will need identifying English words which will be done by using SpaCy. Eventual trends and patterns can be shown in graphs.

References:
Gerritsen, M., Korzilius, H., Van Meurs, F., & Gijsbers, I. (2000). English in Dutch commercials: Not understood and not appreciated. Journal of advertising research, 40(4), 17-31.
Heijden, L. (2016). Appreciation and Comprehension of English in Dutch Advertising (Bachelor's thesis)
Korzilius, H. P. L. M., Meurs, F. V., & Hermans, J. J. (2006). The use of English in job advertisements in a Dutch national newspaper-On what factors does it depend?.
